
Accessibility
Accessibility (set a good example; share our success)
Analytics
Article Search Link Resolver
Assessment of FD process
Broaden and improve the development environment support we provide to developers.
Build and deploy DPN support within HathiTrust
Build the Team
Build with flexibility, reusability, and interoperability in mind
Build/pilot a few microsites with varying needs in the recommended platform(s) to uncover strengths/weaknesses
Complete developer guidelines 1.0
Complete onsite group training in Ruby
Complete onsite group training in a project AND change management methodology
Craft a long-term plan for non-HT Library storage needs.
Deploy an application server tier for non-HT services.
Deploy the Research Data Repository public beta (Deep Blue Data)
Design and begin to implement an enterprise Fedora and Hydra architecture.
Develop strategies to increase diversity and inclusion within LIT
Digital Forensics / Born Digital
Epistles of Paul
Establish quality assurance benchmarks
Establish the Michigan Service Hub (DPLA)
Evolve ratings and cycle design partnership between TASC and LIT
Explore and select tool(s)/language(s) to use for metadata transformation and loading, looking towards mass content migrations from Deep Blue and DLXS to Fedora
Explore ways in which LSO can leverage our data transformation expertise in order to contribute to migration of metadata (and possibly other content) in formats other than MARC and its derivatives. 
Extend and improve bibliographic metadata.
Extend reporting options available for assessment and analysis.
Extend/improve communication about Library operational data with users.
Front Door
Front-end build process
HathiTrust - Large Scale Search
HathiTrust - Other text formats
HathiTrust - collaborate on highest priorities, identified internally, and in coordination with HT leadership
Hydra-Fedora: actively/iteratively develop and articulate our vision for applications on the platform. 
Hydra-Fedora: actively/iteratively develop our implementation plan for applications
Hydra-Fedora: actively/iteratively implement applications according to plan
Implement centralized logging and analysis.
Implement code management with GitHub as the primary tool
Implement the UI Framework (Falafel)
Improve infrastructure security.
Improve performance of website
Include Accessibility checklist review early and ongoing (every sprint/project)
Increase server infrastructure reliability while decreasing effort maintinaing it.
Interest group participation
Investigate and select one or more new tools for managing/retrieving large quantities of descriptive metadata efficiently.
LIT Project Queue
Library Credential Badging
Make clear criteria for 'done' and what add-ons require new front-door consideration vs ongoing operational effort
Microsites service model
Omeka
Open Michigan
Produce and implement a strategy for enabling library staff in other divisions to engage technology experiments and prototypes through a "microsites" model that provides reliable sandbox environments and a service model for how LIT will support them. 
Provide kick-ass customer service
Provide leadership for accessibility
Provide leadership for web content coordination
Pursue options for continuing our text encoding efforts
Re-establish audio/moving image digitization
Relaunch the Intranet
Scale for future use.
Search redesign
Select and implement shared documentation tool and process
Service Experts
Upgrade scanning equipment
Use the UI Falafel framework and convert existing apps where appropriate
Workload
update Apps to latest/appropriate libraries
